Thank you, Kate. A bright spring evening in Manchester. Feel it. Just feel it. Ahead of us, a contest for the connoisseur. Enticing, enchanting, an evening of possibility. Take a seat because I think this might be quite something. Champions, please. Morris, a star in Paris this time last year. Morris plays it in. What a start for Manchester City. Kevin De Bruyne has plunged and plundered. Not a 100 seconds play. The place explodes. Real Madrid already have a hole out of which to dig themselves. De Bruyne has dug it. Invite De Bruyne. Jesus turning and scoring. How sharp is he right now? It's barely 10 past the hour, and Manchester City lead the 13 times champions by 2. Well, Real Madrid are being hit by a technical tornado, and then you can lift it in. It's Benzema. And the dynamic changes. There is just no halting this man right now. And Real Madrid are in it in a flash. Dynamic changed. How good is the UEFA Champions League? I mean, this is absolutely fantastic. Fernandinho's cross. Foden. That feels a whole lot more like it. And now the Catalan grid is broad, and the blue moon rises as Foden rose. What what a game. What drama. What a football match. And Ancelotti has the problem. Oh, it's a terrific turn from Vinicius who chases away from Diaz and keeps on going. Vinicius. Oh, wonderful goal. Wonderful, wonderful goal in a truly compelling game, whose twists and turns and dashes and darts are gripping all who are engaged by it. You just don't know what's happening next. Built her. Absolute built her. He has dreamed that into the top corner. Another delicious decoration on this sumptuous football match. And by the way, an outstanding piece of refereeing to wave that on. Can Benzema conjure away back once more? Benzema in the face of the blues in a moment that matters massively. Karim Benzema, immaculately calm. Ridiculously calm. Deliciously calm. It's 43, but he wasn't missing that one. That takes nerve. Utterly gripping, compelling, enthralling, and breathe and ponder on what you have just witnessed. 1 of the great semifinals of the Champions League era. No question. And the advantage once more is just one goal. After a diamond of a football match, A joy of a football match. K. Thank you. Truly, there is no place on Earth quite like it. This magical, mythical arena shimmers again. You just cannot help but be seduced by this place. Real Madrid obliged by their history. This is their reason for being, and Manchester City driven by their vision, this is what they want to be. Bernardo Silva, chases ahead of him. Bernardo Silva weaving. And Moroz, that is a beautiful goal. And Manchester City may be going back again. And even for Real Madrid, it is a fair old journey back from here. Camavinga coaxed up towards Benzema and snuggled in, and Real Madrid 2 stair lines. Rodrigo tiptoed unnoticed, and those in pure white have whatever is added on to save their lives. They wouldn't, would they? Real Madrid is a miracle club. Crazy things happen here. Carverhal. It's Carverhal's cross. Bedlam. Bedlam. Who's keeping count? It's 55. Dare he do the same? Eyeball to eyeball. Karrion Bentema, a man of poise, of stout character. Bentema scores. They were dead. They live. Even he, even he, Pep Guardiola, his mind must be fraught. One more launch, more backs. The night of the Real resurrection. The pure white shirts have shivered spectacularly once again, and Real Madrid are Paris bound. Real Madrid will play the big game again. The love affair goes on improbably, miraculously, impossibly beyond their dreams, their expectations, and Pep does not know where to look. Blink it back. 65.